What's new in Serenity? (#581)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/02-2020/2-new-warning-message-username-connection.md

> # New warning messages on usernames connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# New warning message on connection usernames
```

::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Connections" available="27th of February"
:::

> Whenever one of your connectors is not using the dedicated connection username, we will display you a warning message in the main Connections screen as well as in the Connection form.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever one of your connectors is not using the dedicated connection username, we display a warning message in the main Connections screen as well as in the Connection form.     
```

> This warning message will mention which usernames were wrongly used for this connection and when they were used for the last time.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This warning message mentions which usernames were wrongly used for this connection and when they were used for the last time.    
```

> The warning message will disappear if no wrong users are used over the past 7 days for the given connection. Thanks to this improvement, ensure API connection security and accesses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to this improvement, we ensure the API connection security and accesses.
```

> Want to discover why we need to ensure this? Read the following [help center section](../articles/manage-your-connections.html#why-should-you-use-the-connection-username).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to discover why we need to guarantee this? Read our help center section about [why it is crucial to use the username of your connection](../articles/manage-your-connections.html#why-should-you-use-the-connection-username).
```
